(Boruto)
[groaning]
(Mitsuki)
See anything?
No... nothing yet.
Maybe you're trying too hard.
Listen, this eye of mine
is the star of hope!
There's no way that I'm gonna
let myself miss anything!
[eagle cry]
Although... we've been on the
lookout all day. So shouldn't we
have spotted the ghost at least
once by now?
What's all this "ghost" stuff
you've been talking about?
It's something I came up with.
It's my name for
that weird shadow!
Seriously? You couldn't come up
with a better name than that?
What was that?!
No, what was that ?!
Huh? What? Where?
Even if there's none today,
there were seven cases this week
of this... Ghost Incident.
Wow, Boruto! So
brilliant and creative!
[groan]
Till recently, it was limited
to the Academy grounds...
...but lately, there have
been way more incidents
and locations.
Is there something
contagious spreading?
Or could there be some other
cause behind all of this...?
I think our dads have started to
investigate this whole thing,
too.
(Boruto)
That's why...
[gasp]
...we have to solve
this before my Dad does.
Do you really think that
we can pull that off?
Shikadai!
Did you find something?!
I've got dry eye!
♪♪
Aw, man! I missed out on the
chance at becoming a hero today!
It was the first day!
Don't be so impatient.
We're on for
tomorrow, right?
You know... you seem to
be enjoying this a lot.
Of course. That's because
things are never boring
when you're with Boruto.
How can you say that without
any embarrassment on your face?
Sensei doesn't know what
we're doing, does he?
Because my mom can
be scary, y'know.
You gave him the note... the
one excusing our absence, right?
I filled it out fully!
All right, awesome job! Then
that means our cover should
be all good!
I'm home!
Huh?
I got an interesting
call from school today.
What's this excused
absence note for?
I, the claimant, shall be
absent by virtue of plague.
Mitsuki!!
[hammering]
Ditching school along with your
friends. Just what could've
been going through your head,
Boruto?!
Uh... It's just that, we have
an important duty that we've
just gotta fulfill right now!
This is something that you
wouldn't understand, Sensei!
Still, this and that
are two separate things.
All that you should be doing
right now is studying.
Every single one of you
grown‐ups is the same.
You'll end up in after school
tutoring sessions every day.
You okay with that?
Whatever! You're gonna do
what you want either way!
Boruto!
Don't be so impatient.
One day, you'll‐‐?!
[gasps]
[sighs]
Parents seem to
be quite a pain.
Yeah, kinda.
(Shikadai)
But compared to my mom,...
yours is a dream...
[groan]
[giggle]
But isn't it strange? How'd
they find out the truth?
Seriously?!
We're never putting you in
charge of notes ever again.
(Hinata)
He does these things because
he's trying to get Naruto's
attention.
He grew up always hearing
stories about his father's
heroic deeds.
So I think he's trying to
rush his own progress.
I understand just how he feels.
The reason is because
I was the same way.
But you've always acted so
mature, even back then, Shino.
Did you tell Naruto about this?
Naruto's so busy with
work, he hardly sleeps,
so I don't want to worry
him with more problems...
Hmm... Even so, you
should tell him.
The reason is because Naruto
is Boruto's father...
...that comes before
being Hokage.
You're right.
Please, don't look so sad.
Well, it seems that
everyone's in class today!
All right! I'm going to
explain today's lesson.
Isn't there some way for
us to cut out of class?
'Cause at this rate,
we're gonna end up letting
the ghost get away!
Yeah... but we can't fake
any more absences.
Workplace experience?
People in many occupations
provide support to our daily
life here in the village.
For this lesson, you'll
be learning hands‐on
about their jobs.
You'll be working in teams of
three and visiting a workplace.
It's up to you to
choose an occupation.
(Shino)
Choose carefully!
Oh! Hey, I know! How about
we go and visit a
fireworks factory?
I don't know about that.
It seems pretty dangerous.
Come with me to a fire station
where we can learn about how
fire fighters work, Inojin!
Huh? What?! Why me?!
Ooh, a nail salon would be
awesome! But it'd be hard to
pass up a meat bun factory.
Tough choice, huh?
Where should we go?
[freaked out] Oh, um...
Well, we, uh...
I want to go someplace
really fun.
Shikadai, how about you dye
your hair the same color as mine
and then you pretend to be me.
Are you kidding me? No!
Boruto! Shikadai! Remember,
your group can choose whatever
job they want to observe.
[gasp]
Do you understand...?
‐Oh! Yeah, I get it!
If we just choose a job where
you have to walk around the
village, we can still hunt for
the ghost while we do it!
That's right! Which means that
delivering the mail is a perfect
fit.
That is true.
Hey! My name's Tayori Kuroyagi.
I'll be in charge of you. Nice
to meet you all!
Please... go easy
on us, ya know!
First, let me explain
what this job entails.
Right here is where we receive
all the deliveries for the day.
So, we just have to get these
where they need to go, right?
That sounds like a really easy
assignment, if you ask me!
No, no, no! Please, don't do
that! Every parcel is precious,
so please handle them with
care!
You do realize that your
arm bands are crooked.
Huh?
Oh! Good morning,
Bureau Chief Komame!
Short...!
Huh?
N‐ Nothing!
Arm bands!
You're also going to be handing
precious parcels out to our
customers.
So why do you have
such ragged nails?!
Hm?
Take a good look. The spirit of
organization and neatness!
This is what defines the
village's postal service.
Um... Actually, the thing
is, we're just here from
the Academy to observe.
Yes, I know that.
But as a matter of fact, I'll
have you know that, like you, I
also have some knowledge of
ninjutsu.
Hiya! Hoo‐ahh!
What's that guy doing?
I have no idea.
The Bureau Chief isn't a bad
guy. He's just very meticulous
about everything he does.
That seems like kind
of a drag...
I guess that it can be a little
rough at first, but once you
get used to it, it's not bad at
all!
[doorbell]
[panting]
Postal Service!
Hi there! Thanks for coming so
far out of the way every day.
This package is for you ma'am!
Oh, great! I've been
waiting for this!
Hm. When you see somebody
getting so happy like that,
it really makes doing this
job completely worthwhile.
Delivering the mail to everyone
takes a whole lot of energy,
doesn't it?
It may look like an easy
job on the surface, but...
I think it's the simple tasks
where you can't cut corners
that make it challenging.
And by the way, what's Boruto
been doing over there?
[nervous laugh] Oh, please don't
pay any attention to him.
Man, where could that ghost
be? It's hard to find!
(Announcer)
And now, it's time for the
ribbon‐cutting ceremony.
[cheering]
Dad?!
(Announcer)
Let's all thank the Seventh
Hokage, Lord Naruto Uzumaki.
So you saw me, after all...
You know, that postal bag you're
carrying looks good on you.
And you look like you're busy
protecting the peace of the
village as usual, Dad.
Well, this is a part
of the job, too.
A workplace experience field
trip, huh? Your mom told me
about it.
It's not like I chose it because
I like the job or anything.
Listen, Boruto.
Being able to get a letter
delivered with just a single
stamp to anywhere in the world
is just amazing.
Whatever! You probably heard
someone else say that!
You could tell, huh?
Uh... um... L‐Lord Hokage!
Hi! I'm Naruto Uzumaki.
My son's a handful, but please,
take good care of him!
Yes, of course!
Okay, do your best!
Wow, how cool! So your
dad's the Hokage, huh?
It's the first time I've
ever spoken to him.
Oh please.
What's wrong?
Listen, guys, let's just split
these up and deliver these
quickly.
At this rate, the sun'll
set before we start!
Shikadai! Mitsuki, let's go!
‐All right!
‐Okay!
Uh, wait, Boruto! Please!
Be careful with those!
Delivering the mail is
a lot more fun than I
thought it would be.
Hey, it's okay!
Just calm down!
I'm so nervous, Argh!
Wow... Epic fail...
Now, be very careful
with that gun powder.
Ha, no big deal. This is just
like a smoke bomb, right?!
[freaked out]
(Sarada)
Thank you very much!
Huh? That was Boruto.
Why do you think he's in
such a hurry right now?
I don't know, but we just cannot
lose to him! Let's hurry
over to the meat bun factory!
Come on! Ugh!
Postal service delivery!
Hey, it's Boruto!
Hm? You guys chose a water
purification plant?
Isn't that kinda boring?
The water purification plant
is the lifeline of the Leaf
Village!
Well, in all honesty, this place
is kinda boring, though...
[gasp] Really?
I'm sorry, you guys.
No, it's okay. I'm
having lots of fun here!
Don't worry! It's just a
workplace field trip! It's
probably boring everywhere!
Well, see you later!
Oh, Boruto! Wait!
Sorry, I'm kinda in
a big hurry, ya know?
I'll be on my way!
We finished delivering all the
packages and letters that we
had.
Oh, wow! That was fast!
Want us to take yours?
Oh, no, thanks, but I
can take care of this.
Why don't you guys just go and
take a little break now?
This job's too easy!
(Mitsuki)
Boruto.
Huh? What's up, Mitsuki?
Listen, I overheard someone
from the Police Force.
Seems there's been a
sighting at Senju Park.
Senju Park's far away, on the
other side of the village.
Think we make it in time?
We're just gonna
have to make it!
Hey, take care of
the rest, will ya?
[gasp]
(Medical Ninja)
Be careful there.
Most of his chakra was drained.
He's in critical condition now.
He was just sitting quietly on
this bench, but then he
screamed and went on a rampage!
Hurry! Hurry!
[chuckle] It looks like
we got here too late.
We must've just
missed it all.
Damn it!
I swear that we're gonna catch
you the next time that you
appear!
That makes... what, eight
incidents this week?
There doesn't seem to be a
common thread linking the
incidents that've occurred so
far.
At first, it was limited to the
area around the Academy.
Now it's occurring at random
times and places.
Unfortunately, as of right now,
we have no concrete data on who
or what might be behind these
incidents.
(Sai)
Only...
Only...?
I did find one clue during the
investigation this afternoon.
Seems somehow, Forbidden
Technology is involved.
Hold on... are you
saying that‐‐!
The Hashirama Cell.
The Hashirama Cell isn't
something that just anyone
can get their hands on.
You were part of the ANBU Black
Ops, so you should know that
well.
ANBU, the Leaf's
covert agency...
And within it, the even more
top‐secret Foundation.
I've heard it had a team
conducting research on the
Hashirama Cell.
What you're saying may be true,
but the Foundation was disbanded
after Danzo's death.
I didn't believe it at
first, either, but...
...then I saw this...
But that is the result
of using Wood Style!
Yes. Not many can
use Wood Style.
Search the Land of Fire,
and you'd only find a few.
Furthermore, the man from
today's incident doesn't
have that power.
But there's one exception...
What you're talking about
is the Hashirama Cell...
The top‐secret team in the
Foundation used the Hashirama
Cell to research a device that
could extract someone's chakra.
But still, what could
one achieve by stealing
someone's chakra?
If killing someone was their
goal, that's a very roundabout
way to do it.
Murder isn't the purpose.
They're gathering up chakra.
What? They're gathering chakra?
But why? What do
they use it for?
I don't know that answer yet.
The Foundation was a very
secretive organization.
Although... I know that the
team's field of research was
...military weaponry.
Well, this whole situation got
really sketchy all of a sudden.
Yeah, you're right. So we have
to do something immediately.
Former members of the Foundation
could be hiding out almost
anywhere.
Whatever you're planning on
doing next, be extremely
careful.
I'll go comb through the
Foundation's data once more.
I'll come give you a hand.
Oh, man. I guess that I'm gonna
have to spend the whole night
here yet again.
Sorry. Guess I
woke you up, huh?
I didn't have a change
of clothes, so...
Here, hand that to me.
You know, earlier I
ran into Boruto in town.
Seriously ... Why does that kid
always seem so irritated all of
the time?
He's just really eager to
come into his own and be
acknowledged.
You should be familiar
with that, right?
(Naruto)
I wish he could stay a
kid a little longer.
But I guess that's just
me being selfish...
Every single day... he grows a
little bit more. That's what
kids do!
[sigh] Growing up, I
didn't even have a dad...
To be honest, I, I don't even
know how to connect with Boruto
sometimes.
And I'm sure that
he can sense that.
That isn't true. I think he
understands completely, in his
own way, at least.
I hope so...
You know... It's funny...
sometimes, like when he laughs,
he looks exactly like you.
(Boruto)
I'm not gonna let that
ghost get away anymore.
Let's go even faster than
yesterday and get this mail
delivered!
Don't you think that we should
confirm the delivery route
first?
Meh. Forget that!
Come on! We can just wing it!
I think today's going to
be a lot of fun again.
Seriously, aren't you even
a little embarrassed saying
stuff like that?
Like I explained, we're
looking for it right now!
Too bad! That explanation
just isn't gonna cut it!
This is an emergency!
[angry growls]
[scream]
(Boruto)
Cho‐Cho! Hey! What do you
think you're doing?!
[panting]
Don't tell me... The ghost?!
Bo...ru...to...
No. Seems normal to me.
Gah!
My limited‐edition potato chips
were supposed to be delivered
yesterday, but they weren't!
What's the deal?!
I‐ I don't know! We delivered
everything, didn't we?
What are you gonna do when
I die of hunger, huh?!
We've been getting complaints
like this all morning!
Just how did you three deliver
the mail yesterday?!
Wait, where's Tayori?
He's out re‐delivering
everything that you messed up!
Wow, this really did
not turn out well...
Anyway, look. Should
we go help too?
Good idea.
Are you guys kidding me?!
There's no way that I'd let you
to go out there and make yet
another mess!
You can stay in here and take
inventory of the stamps!
Come on! Are you kidding?!
[door slams]
One sheet of stamps,
two sheets of stamps...
Stop messing around and
count them quickly.
Otherwise, we'll never be able
to get out of here and go ghost
hunting.
But this eye of mine is the
star of hope! Damn it!
This is your fault for
being so irresponsible!
You messed up the mail!
You should feel a little bad!
Shikadai, you were goofing
around yesterday, too!
(Postal Worker)
Did you hear? It
happened again.
What? Really? It's
happened a lot lately.
Wonder where it was this time?
The suspect's barricaded himself
inside the facility....
and there are several
hostages inside with him.
According to eyewitnesses, it
seems that some students from
the Academy,
who were there on a workplace
field trip, have become involved
in the incident.
[gasp]
Boruto!
Hold up! We don't know if
it's the Class Rep's group!
We gotta make it in time!
[waterfall]
♪♪
(Naruto)
This isn't what you think. It's
not just a minor incident.
(Boruto)
Yeah, I know that!
(Naruto)
No, you don't.
The only reason that you've been
safe during these incidents is
sheer luck and nothing more than
that!
(Boruto)
But I have to do this...
for my friends!
(Naruto)
No, you can't!
Don't interfere any more...
Next time on Boruto Naruto Next
Generations: "The Shadow of the
Mastermind."
(Boruto)
But still, I'm gonna‐!
♪♪